# filfirinSummer fluxbox theme
# based on qnx-photon

! Focused and unfocused windows
window.title.focus:	flat gradient vertical
window.title.focus.color:	black
window.title.focus.colorTo:	black
window.title.unfocus:	flat gradient vertical
window.title.unfocus.color:	black
window.title.unfocus.colorTo:	black
window.label.focus:	flat solid
window.label.focus.color:	darkgreen
window.label.focus.textColor:	black
window.label.unfocus:	flat solid
window.label.unfocus.color:	darkcyan
window.label.unfocus.textColor:	black
window.button.focus:	flat solid
window.button.focus.color:	darkgreen
window.button.focus.picColor:	black
window.button.unfocus:	flat solid
window.button.unfocus.color:	darkcyan
window.button.unfocus.picColor:	black
window.button.pressed:	flat solid
window.button.pressed.color:	black
window.handle.focus:	solid
window.handle.focus.color:	black
window.handle.unfocus:	solid
window.handle.unfocus.color:	black
window.grip.focus:	solid
window.grip.focus.color:	black
window.grip.unfocus:	solid
window.grip.unfocus.color:	black
window.frame.focusColor:	black
window.frame.unfocusColor:	black

! Tabs
window.tab.label.focus:	flat gradient vertical
window.tab.label.focus.color:	darkgreen
window.tab.label.focus.colorTo:	darkgreen
window.tab.label.focus.textColor:	black
window.tab.label.unfocus:	flat gradient vertical
window.tab.label.unfocus.color:	darkcyan
window.tab.label.unfocus.colorTo:	darkcyan
window.tab.label.unfocus.textColor:	black
window.tab.borderWidth:	5
window.tab.borderColor:	black

! Menu
menu.title:	raised gradient vertical
menu.title.color:	rgb:41/b3/aE
menu.title.colorTo:	rgb:21/93/8E
menu.title.textColor:	white
menu.frame:	raised gradient vertical
menu.frame.color:	rgb:DB/DA/DB
menu.frame.colorTo:	rgb:D4/CE/D2
menu.frame.textColor:	rgb:45/45/45
menu.hilite:	sunken gradient vertical
menu.hilite.color:	rgb:98/35/E3
menu.hilite.colorTo:	rgb:71/29/9C
menu.hilite.textColor:	white
menu.bullet:	triangle
menu.bullet.position:	right

! Toolbar
toolbar:	raised gradient vertical
toolbar.color:	black
toolbar.colorTo:	black
toolbar.label:	flat gradient vertical
toolbar.label.color:	rgb:DB/DA/DB
toolbar.label.colorTo:	rgb:D4/CE/D2
toolbar.label.textColor:	rgb:45/45/45
toolbar.windowLabel:	sunken solid
toolbar.windowLabel.color:	rgb:FC/F9/DF
toolbar.windowLabel.textColor:	rgb:45/45/45
toolbar.clock:	flat gradient vertical
toolbar.clock.color:	rgb:DB/DA/DB
toolbar.clock.colorTo:	rgb:D4/CE/D2
toolbar.clock.textColor:	rgb:45/45/45
toolbar.button:	solid flat
toolbar.button.color:	rgb:EB/EB/EB
toolbar.button.picColor:	rgb:15/15/15
toolbar.button.pressed:	sunken flat
toolbar.button.pressed.color:	rgb:AB/AB/AB

! Fonts (lucidasans-10 is good default)
window.font:	-*-lucida-medium-r-*-*-*-70-*-*-*-*-*-*
window.justify:	left
window.tab.font:	-*-lucida-medium-r-*-*-*-70-*-*-*-*-*-*
window.tab.justify:	right
menu.title.font:	-*-lucida-medium-r-*-*-*-180-*-*-*-*-*-*
menu.title.justify:	center
menu.frame.font:	-*-lucida-medium-r-*-*-*-140-*-*-*-*-*-*
menu.frame.justify:	center
toolbar.font:	lucidasans-10
toolbar.justify:	center

! Borders
borderColor:	rgb:00/00/60
borderWidth:	1
bevelWidth:	2
handleWidth:	1
frameWidth:	10

! Other
rootCommand:  bsetbg -solid black
